Nine people I'm one piece started to
a new video marginal today
finally the eater he is 21 time
finally the weapons give money and we
start now
the damage is 25 to 18 so the state
Damage of a storm rifle that makes
two to three hits in the head four
to six in the chest and five to
Six in the legs of the drop off start
is at eight meters that is up on
meter make a damage of 25 dollars
damage up to 55 meters and then have
we achieved the minima damage of 18
the fire rate is even slightly lower with
In 601 she gave one to the bottom
food chain has reached even lower
as the kh which is a higher one
damage model does have the advantage
that the residue is not noticeable
but also close combat takes forever
until you opponent environment the cow
Speed ​​is 650 meters per
Seconds but quite good so the balls
fly nice fast aim on distance
You can meet well and reach
of 175 meters will of course reach
but can know it for distance
the weapon is definitely suitable
The capacity is 30 plus one shot
standard in any case also good in the
one can already work with the
After a long time is not more
quite as much with 23 seconds was still
a cow is in progress and 3.4 seconds
if the weapon is completely empty takes
the course unique piece longer
as many other weapons there are
this is negotiated with distance is the
not too bad either
for that, the two recoil the
absolute top weapons upwards of 0.18
Low has not believed me yet
to the left 0 2 to the right 02 clock notes
you hardly recoil we watch what's ahead
recoil is hardly to be seen
recognize the multiplier of 18
which is actually still quite low
we barely conclude with the weapon
The stream had to be a bit stupid at first
I thought she had the sets of
pulte weapon because it looked so similar
but apparently she has this network
does not see the sets of a normal one
Sturmgewehrs that means in sight 02
if she should not move me and
10 if she should move so if
I am very precise
if I move rather less
it is probably standard there but well what
maybe you'll do half of it
Something wrong so came with the weapon
rarely use
The increase in control is also easy
wow so 0 078 is incredibly low
So you can burst properly long
make and the weapon that remains accurate
Both put on like a variant
it is easy to switch quickly with
the quixote believe that we are
here what after 10
so there is no need for a long time
Of course you can play again afterwards
to resort to amplifiers or such
things he intended for distance
in laser or intact light
just do not just not on this weapon
let it work has no meaning to her
does not need a laser in close combat if you
says you make the fight and after
Ok again but hardly forgotten
you can prefer him with such a weapon
leave out completely afterwards I say
necessarily serious run because the thing
has hardly slippery up the heavier
running increased a bit ok, you realize
but minimal for the cottage precision
you realize clearly that's one
weapon was difficult to run and what is good
weapons which you already extreme upward
Turn down there is more of a hindrance
but such a clear top I have in
wrapped handle that does not have to
necessarily because the multiplier
is not that high you are so normal to me
which heavy running i try
most of the angled handle to be
Take is not at all necessary here
definitely recommended
Great I can handle it super
and i can definitely
Recommend
otherwise I would say it to 21 of the
Fed's negative is just her
shoots so slowly that is in the
melee are so old out of it
distance of course thinks so great again
but it takes time here
even at a distance from eternity to
fall over
Of course we can say that
Hardly recoil so I really little and
so that the weapon is also super precise
Almost and laser with the man
can shoot and for beginners still
practiced are actually super to
Control because it is very easy
but kills very slowly
can take a bit against
Often the chance to be in winter too
reach
is so thick stream negative for it
but also on distance already very much
well yes that was it with this year to
s21 was once paid now it should be the
I'm going to be annoying too
So just lose it
and yes that was it with this video skin
three people